INTRODUCTION


Welcome to your Conscription Training,

I am <INSERT RANK NAME>, your trainer for today.

During this training course, it is imperative that you do not move or talk unless prompted to do so.

Same rules apply for questions and concerns.
This training will take about 15 minutes,
but if I am going too fast, please tell me so.

If I disconnect please wait patiently & return to HQ if there's no replacement after 10 minutes.

During this training please respond to me with Yes/No RANK/NAME CW/CWO+ Sir/Ma'am.

Any questions?
Wait for response.

RULES



While you begin your career here, it's crucial that you abide by these rules:

1. Obey the Habbo Way - such as no flaming, swearing or any rude remarks of any kind
2. Do not work at any other place with regards to Militaries/Agencies of any kind or self-promote
However, role-play is OK
3. When entering, please do not meander within the lobby, enter HQ immediately
and take a seat at the front row and recruit incoming civilians.
4. It’s crucial that you do not go AFK in the front row - if you have to go, sit at the AFK couches
5. Make sure when entering HQ to have your full abbreviated rank displayed in your motto,
the right GDD badge on, and correct uniform. The correct uniforms can be found in HQ.
Not following these rules can result in a demotion or dishonorable discharge.
Failure to login for 5+ days for ranks OR-1 to OR-5 without a leave
will result in being you discharged as AWOL.
This becomes 10 days once you've achieved OR-6.
To prevent going AWOL you can ask someone to file one for you if you are still an enlistee or once
you have access to our forums, you may file it yourself.

Any questions about the rules?
Wait for response: (RANK and NAME/ SIR/MA'AM)



RECRUITMENT & JOB EXPLANATION

As an enlistee, your main duty is to sit at the front desk and recruit (help people join).
Your welcome and greeting should always be personal, using the person's name.
However, please do not not copy and paste your welcome messages.
Once someone is at your desk who would like to join, tell them to do the following steps:
1. Change their motto to [GDD] Recruit
2. Instruct them to join and favourite the GDD Friends & Supporters Badge - the one with the hearts.
3. Have them put on the uniform on the mannequin, and ensure they have neat hair.
4. Tell them to go line up at the sentry for training, their training should begin within 5 mins.
This will be your primary job as an enlisted.

Questions?
Wait for a response.



ATTENTION PROCEDURES

One of GDDs most important procedures is the "Attention Procedure".
The Sentry, an officer, or DDO will make the call in colored text and if you are filling the front,
you must immediately stand directly behind your chair - do not move or speak at all!
If you see someone yelling "ATTENTION ON DECK" in colored text and you are anywhere
in the HQ, you must also stand behind your chair and not move or speak!
When you hear "AT EASE" or "CARRY ON" you can resume what you were doing before.

Do you have any questions?
Wait for response.

TRAINER: Practice two attention procedures at this time. (One Attention and one AOD)
REMEMBER to use red chat bubbles for the calls.

AITs

At GDD, we will provide you with continual trainings throughout your career to help
you learn more of how things go about here as well as helping you gain promotions.
These extra trainings are called Advanced Individual Trainings (AITs).
Unfortunately, some AITs are restricted to certain ranks, so please pay attention
when they are being announced or simply ask the host if you are eligible.

Questions?
Wait for response.



HQ Procedures and Terms

There are a few terms you'll hear in HQ, here are some:
FTF or "Fill the Front" - this means find an empty seat in the front row and start recruiting.
"Report" - this means you need to see the person calling you.
You will be taught this procedure usually by your first promotion in HQ.
AFK - the AFK area is the row of couches on the left side for whenever
you need to step out for a bit.
Information desk - the desk next to the cubicle on the bottom right, this is where
you can ask your inquiries or concerns.

Any questions?
Wait for response.





MOVING ON FROM CT

Essentially as an enlisted, its very easy to move up the ranks.
With just showing your dedication whilst recruiting and attending AITs would allow you
the eligibility for a promotion to OR-2.

Final questions?
Wait for response.



COMPLETION OF CT



NOTE TO TRAINER: Usually recruits will receive OR-1 after this training. However, if they showed great social skills such as grammar/spelling, attention to detail, etc throughout the whole training, he/she may be promoted to OR-2 instead. If they have worked at another military/agency, an accession to PFC should be considered.
Congratulations, you have passed this CT! Remember you are now upholding the GDD's core values:

- Adherence, Honor, Perseverance!

I’d like for you to now adjust your motto to:

Select ONE appropriate rank. The recruit’s motto MUST read the abbreviations of the rank chosen.

Marines E1-E2

[GDD: Marines] MRR [GDD: Marines] MR

Army E1-E2

Private

[GDD: Army] SLR [GDD: Army] SL

Air force E1-E2

[GDD: Air Force] ANR [GDD: Air Force] AN

Navy E1- E2

[GDD: Navy] SNR [GDD: Navy] SN



To find HQ again in the future, click on Habbo’s room navigator and on the right side of the room
name there should be a blue circle icon.
Click the heart and house icons to set it as your main room.
Therefore every time you double-click the yellow “H” on the bottom left corner, it’ll automatically
transport you to HQ!

At this time, I will now be noting down your name(s) to our personnel records list, please remain
seated until further instructions. You may also talk to one another if you wish.
Post the recruits here: Personnel Record List
Again, congratulations on completion of this training.
We will now be returning to HQ at this time, follow me when I step out the tent.



(NOTE FOR TRAINER'S: AFTER TRAINING RECRUIT PLEASE GO POST HIS NAME UNDER MPTS!)