Section 1. Introduction
Subsection 1.1: Persons Subject to This Document
Subsection 1.2: Jurisdiction
Section 2, Articles
Subsection 2.1: Introduction
Subsection 2.2: Articles
Section 3. Appeals and Action Requests
Subsection 3.1: Overview
Subsection 3.2: Documentation

Section 1. Introduction:

Subsection 1.1: Persons Subject to This Document
All personnel are subject to this document from the time of their enlistment into the Global defense department this includes those in active, reserve, or retired status.

Subsection 1.2: Jurisdiction
The Uniform Code of Military Justice is subjugate to the executive authority of the Military Police Officer by irands. The Military Police (MP) and Inspector General Forces (IGF) are responsible for the continued enforcement as long as these articles are in place. Only the MPO and IGF are permitted to carry out investigations.

Section 2. Articles:

Subsection 2.1: Introduction:
The following are articles (1-27) are issued in cause of miscellaneous crimes or offences due to inordinate actions of an individual.

Subsection 2.2: Articles:

ARTICLE 1.Violation of the Habbo way
Intentionally disregarding Sulake’s terms and conditions of use. I.E. the ‘Habbo Way’.

ARTICLE 2. General Disrespect
Displaying a lack of courtesy towards service members and/or civilians while in uniform and on duty.

ARTICLE 3. Failure to Obey an Order or Regulation
Knowingly and intentionally disregarding a lawful order, regulation, code of conduct, or section of the legislation in which each service member on duty has to obey.

ARTICLE 4. Insubordination
Any member who willfully disobeys the lawful order of a superior officer, warrant officer or non-commissioned officer; or treats with contempt or is disrespectful towards an officer, warrant officer or non-commissioned officer.

ARTICLE 5. Improper Wear of Uniform
Intentionally disregarding proper uniform wear outlined in Regulation 10 while on duty in HQ.

ARTICLE 6. Absent Without Leave (AWOL)
Enlisted members (E-1 to E-3) who fail to log in for a week (7 days) or fail to be promoted within 14 days. NCOs, and Officers (E-4 to O-10) who fail to log in after 10 days. Officers and civilians ranked O-11 and O-12 are exempt.

ARTICLE 7. Double Jobbing
Being employed (moon lighting) at another military, agency or organization while in any duty status at GDD. Being involved in a role-playing group is not considered a punishable offence.

ARTICLE 8a. Desertion
Any member E4+ who, without being properly discharged, leaves the GDD Personnel ID.

ARTICLE 8b. Quit
Any enlisted member (E1-E3) who, without being properly discharged, enlists or accepts an appointment in any foreign military or agency. This results in an honorable discharge.

ARTICLE 9. Account Compromised/Account Insecurity
Any unauthorized access to an individual’s Habbo, email, forum. The results of which are due to the individual's own actions leading to a potential security threat.

ARTICLE 10. Misconduct in Foreign Organizations
Engaging in any acts that may bring discredit upon the organization or military as whole while in a foreign military, agency, or organization.

ARTICLE 11. Malingering
Any member who, for the purpose of avoiding work, duty or service, repeatedly feigns illness, lack of time or other circumstances.

ARTICLE 12a. Falsification
Any member who, with intent to deceive, makes a false record, report, forum post or official statement, knowing it to be false.

ARTICLE 12b. Cloning
Any member who uses more than one account in GDD with the intent to make multiple accounts active and/or bypass the pardoning procedure.

ARTICLE 13a. Harassment
Unwanted and unwelcome behavior that demeans or offends the victim and results in a hostile environment. Harassing behavior may include, but is not limited to, epithets, derogatory comments or slurs and lewd propositions. May also include visual insults such as derogatory images.

ARTICLE 13b. Sexual Harassment
Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal conduct of a sexual nature between the same or opposite genders. To include any visual displays such as pictures that could be considered offensive.

ARTICLE 14. Discrimination
Any act or failure to act, impermissible based in whole or in part on a person’s race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, and/or reprisal, that adversely affects privileges, benefits, working conditions, results in disparate treatment, or has a disparate impact on employees, former employees or applicants for employment.

ARTICLE 15. Fraternization
An unduly familiar personal relationship between a senior and a subordinate that does not respect the difference in rank or grade. Relationships between a senior and a subordinate that are prejudicial to good order and discipline or of a nature to bring discredit on our service are unduly familiar and also constitute fraternization.

ARTICLE 16. Abuse of Authority
Utilizing positional power to seek an unfair advantage that other’s would not normally have. Seeking personal gains by using title to coerce subordinates into following illegal orders.

ARTICLE 17a. Violation of Secrecy
Any member who, regardless of intention, breaches operational security to disclose classified information in any form. An individual who leaks non-public information through any means.

ARTICLE 17b. Treason
Any member who, with intent to usurp or override lawful civil or military authority, refuses, in concert with any other member, to obey standing orders or otherwise do his or her duty or creates any disturbance or revolt. An individual who leaks potential harmful information or makes statements against our organization.

ARTICLE 18. Espionage
Any member who, with intent or reason to believe that it is to be used to the injury of the GDD or to the advantage of a foreign military or agency, communicates, delivers or transmits, or attempts to communicate, deliver or transmit, either directly or indirectly, any non-public information.

ARTICLE 19. Hazing
Any conduct whereby one member causes another military member to suffer or be exposed to an activity which is cruel, abusive, humiliating, or oppressive.

ARTICLE 20. Larceny
Any member who wrongfully takes, obtains or withholds, by any means, from the possession of the owner, any money, credits, personal property or article of value.

ARTICLE 21. Extortion, Blackmail
Any member who communicates threats to another member with the intention thereby to obtain anything of value or any acquittance, advantage or immunity

ARTICLE 22. Conduct Unbecoming
Any member who conducts him or herself in a poor and unbecoming manner, bringing disrepute to the GDD.

ARTICLE 23. Perjury
Any member who, in a judicial proceeding or in the course of justice, willfully and corruptly gives any false information after swearing or committing to tell the truth.

ARTICLE 24. Mutiny, Sedition
Hosting or partaking in a rebellion against a senior officer or elected official.

ARTICLE 25. Cheating and Plagiarism
Any member who knowingly discusses questions, leaks answers, asks for other information on an exam, or any member who falsely claims credit for work they are not responsible, writing they did not author, etc(plagiarism) will be charged with this article.

ARTICLE 26. Unfit for Duty
Any member considered unable to perform his/her duties due to behavioral issues, incompetence, unwillingness to work, or any other incorrect action as determined by the issuing authority.

ARTICLE 27. Defamation
Any member who engages in actions, intentional or unintentional, that bring disrepute to, but is not limited to, Global defense department  